Farkle is a multiplayer dice game played with 6 total dice. The object
of the game is to roll the dice, and score them according to the scoring 
rules. The first person to 10,000 points is the winner!

#Points
- A roll of a 1 is worth 100 points
- A roll of a 5 is worth 50 points
-Three (3) dice rolled at the same time with the same value is worth
100 times the face value, for example: three 2's rolled is 200 points
and three 5's rolled is 500 points.
	
*An exception to these scoring rules, is that three 1's rolled 
is 1,000 points rather than 100.

#Entering the Game
-In order for a player to initially enter the game, (and record points),
he/she must continue to roll until at least 1,000 points are collected 
during one turn. Once the player officially enters the game, the points
are recorded and that player may stop rolling at any time during future turns.

#The Play
-The first player rolls all six dice at the same time and sets aside 
any "point dice" (1's, 5's, or three of a kind) that appear. At this 
point, the player has the option to continue to roll the remaining 
dice to collect even more points, or stop and keep any points acquired. 

-A Farkle occurs when the dice are rolled and no point dice appear. 
At this point the player loses all point dice he/she has collected 
during that turn, and the play passes to the player to the left. 
No points are recorded for that player's turn.

-If a player decides not to risk rolling a Farkle, then he/she can stop 
rolling and the play passes to the plahyer to the left. Any points collected
during that turn are then recorded.

-If, in the course of one turn, all six dice become point dice and are set
aside, the player must roll all six dice at least one more time, before
stopping and keeping the points collected.

#Winning
-In order to win, a player must get 10,000 points recorded.

-After a player gets over 10,000, each of the other players get one turn 
to try to beat the first player who goes out. If none of them beat his or her
score, then he or she is declared the winner. If someone beats his or her score
then that new player wins the game. 